Discord (support → community), X, and support email updates (#561)
clerk/clerk-sdk-go: v2_migration_guide.md

Please let us know about your experience upgrading to the `v2` version of the Clerk Go SDK.

> You can reach us via [various support channels](https://clerk.com/contact/support).

Author: ```suggestion
You can reach us via [our support page](https://clerk.com/contact/support).
```
